NumPy Arrays
NumPy arrays are a part of the NumPy library, which is a powerful tool for numerical computing in Python.
These arrays are designed for high-performance operations on large volumes of data and support multi-dimensional arrays and matrices. 
This makes them ideal for complex mathematical computations and large-scale data processing.

Features:
Multi-dimensional support: NumPy arrays can handle more than one dimension, making them suitable for matrix operations and more complex mathematical constructs.
Broad broadcasting capabilities: They can perform operations between arrays of different sizes and shapes, a feature known as broadcasting.
Efficient storage and processing: NumPy arrays are stored more efficiently than Python lists and provide optimized performance for numerical operations.

Python Arrays
In Python, array is a collection of items stored at contiguous memory locations.
The idea is to store multiple items of the same type together.
Unlike Python lists (can store elements of mixed types), arrays must have all elements of same type.
Having only homogeneous elements makes it memory-efficient.

Create an Array in Python
Array in Python can be created by importing an array module. array( data_type , value_list ) is used to create array in Python with data type and value list specified in its arguments.

Adding Elements to an Array
Elements can be added to the Python Array by using built-in insert() function. 
Insert is used to insert one or more data elements into an array. 
Based on the requirement, a new element can be added at the beginning, end, or any given index of array.
append() is also used to add the value mentioned in its arguments at the end of the Python array.

Accessing Array Items
In order to access the array items refer to the index number. 
Use the index operator [ ] to access an item in a array in Python. The index must be an integer.

emoving Elements from the Array
Elements can be removed from the Python array by using built-in remove() function. 
It will raise an Error if element doesn’t exist. Remove() method only removes the first occurrence of the searched element.
To remove range of elements, we can use an iterator.
pop() function can also be used to remove and return an element from the array.
By default it removes only the last element of the array.
To remove element from a specific position, index of that item is passed as an argument to pop() method.






